{"rubrics":[{"id":"T3-R1","score":2,"evidence":"The executive recommendation makes “A real venture experiment” the “central learning laboratory.” The roadmap requires customer interviews, pricing experiments, paid pilots, MVP delivery and a co-founder working trial; the degree route is conditional rather than primary.","reason":"Practical venture building determines the roadmap’s activities and progression, while another broad qualification is explicitly deprioritized given the user’s existing business background."},{"id":"T3-R2","score":2,"evidence":"The plan specifies “5–7 hours per week” initially, protected family time, and “one primary course and one primary venture experiment at a time.” Branch B reduces other work during a program; Branch D requires “planned leave, a sabbatical or a properly financed transition” for an accelerator.","reason":"Work and family compatibility materially shapes scheduling, course load and format branches. Disruptive accelerator participation is reserved for a validated venture and an explicitly planned change in employment commitment."},{"id":"T3-R3","score":2,"evidence":"Months 1–3 require “25–30 interviews” with “no product development beyond sketches or mock-ups.” Months 4–6 introduce a willingness-to-pay test, a landing page or manual-service offer, and pricing experiments. The Month-6 gate says, “If evidence is weak, pivot or stop.”","reason":"Customer testing begins alongside foundational learning, before substantial building. Inexpensive validation methods and explicit continuation gates stage further investment rather than postponing testing until education is complete."},{"id":"T3-R4","score":2,"evidence":"The online-learning rule requires every content hour to produce “a customer-facing action, a decision, or a reusable venture artifact.” Phase 2 requires competitor analysis, observed buying behavior, top-down and bottom-up market sizing, unit economics and an assumptions register; Phase 3 revises the product roadmap from pilot evidence.","reason":"Resource selection and coursework are tied to concrete frameworks, market evidence and decisions on a real venture. Although in-depth case study resources are not developed extensively, applied analysis rather than abstract theory clearly governs the learning plan."},{"id":"T3-R5","score":2,"evidence":"The route comparison includes time commitments and cost bands. Degree limitations include “substantial overlap with your MBA-level knowledge” and “high tuition and opportunity cost,” followed by a conditional enrollment rule. Executive education must provide relationships, access or decisions unavailable through independent work; accelerators are evaluated as financing decisions involving dilution and opportunity cost.","reason":"Cost, time and incremental practical value materially affect route prioritization and enrollment conditions. Targeted education and venture experiments lead the recommendation; expensive or disruptive options require a specific strategic payoff rather than prestige alone."}]}
