{"rubrics":[{"id":"T3-R1","score":2,"evidence":"The executive recommendation allocates “50–60%” to “customer discovery and experiments” and says “do not begin with another broad degree.” Phases 1–3 require discovery conversations, demand/payment tests, and narrow solution pilots.","reason":"Practical venture-building is the primary learning path, with concrete activities and evidence gates. A further degree is explicitly subordinate and conditional."},{"id":"T3-R2","score":2,"evidence":"Phase 0 defines maintenance weeks of 2–3 hours, standard weeks of 5–7 hours, and occasional sprint weeks of 8–12 hours, alongside protected family blocks. Path B says to “reject anything requiring 15–20 weekly hours.”","reason":"Work and family compatibility materially shapes the schedule and program selection. Intensive programs require explicit capacity testing and a decision to increase venture commitment."},{"id":"T3-R3","score":2,"evidence":"Months 1–3 combine a lightweight course with “18–24 discovery conversations”; the Month 3 gate requires “A cheap next experiment.” Months 4–6 introduce demand and payment tests with advance, refine, stop, or explore decisions.","reason":"External testing starts alongside foundational learning rather than after extensive preparation. Low-cost experiments and staged validation determine whether further investment is warranted."},{"id":"T3-R4","score":2,"evidence":"The practical venture-building section recommends assumptions mapping and the Business Model and Value Proposition Canvases. Phase 2 applies these to users, buyers, pricing, channels, and feasibility; Phase 3 tracks conversion, delivery cost, retention, and loss reasons.","reason":"Concrete frameworks and collected market evidence are integrated into real business decisions. Courses and mentoring must support live experiments and deliverables rather than remain abstract instruction."},{"id":"T3-R5","score":2,"evidence":"The degree comparison weighs HEC’s €22,950–€24,950 tuition and approximately 20 weekly hours against duplicated MBA content and displaced venture work. The selection scorecard includes total cost and displaced time, with a veto for programs relying “primarily on prestige or generic content to justify the price.”","reason":"Cost, workload, and practical return directly govern prioritization and exclusions. Free foundational learning and inexpensive experiments lead, while expensive degrees, executive modules, and equity accelerators require specific incremental value."}]}
