{"rubrics":[{"id":"T3-R1","score":2,"evidence":"The executive recommendation allocates “50–60%” to customer discovery and experiments and says “do not begin with another broad degree.” Phases 1–3 require discovery conversations, demand/payment tests, and a narrow prototype or paid pilot.","reason":"Practical venture-building is the roadmap’s primary activity, while another degree is explicitly deferred and conditional on incremental benefits."},{"id":"T3-R2","score":2,"evidence":"Phase 0 defines maintenance weeks of 2–3 hours, standard weeks of 5–7 hours, and occasional sprint weeks of 8–12 hours, alongside protected family blocks. Phase 4’s limited-capacity pathway says to “reject anything requiring 15–20 weekly hours.”","reason":"Work and family compatibility materially shapes the schedule and program selection. Intensive programs require demonstrated capacity and an explicit decision to increase venture commitment."},{"id":"T3-R3","score":2,"evidence":"Months 1–3 combine one lightweight foundation course with “18–24 discovery conversations.” Months 4–6 require problem, demand, and payment experiments, followed by an advance/refine/stop gate. The Month 3 gate requires “A cheap next experiment.”","reason":"External market learning begins alongside initial coursework, with low-cost tests and staged continuation criteria preceding substantial product development or program spending."},{"id":"T3-R4","score":2,"evidence":"The practical venture-building section recommends assumption mapping and experiment selection using cost, time, and evidence strength. Phase 2 applies these frameworks to buyers, pricing, channels, and feasibility. Section 6 requires an assumption register, experiment ledger, and decision journal.","reason":"Although in-depth case study coverage is limited, concrete frameworks and collected market evidence are repeatedly applied to actual business decisions. The plan does not rely predominantly on abstract theory."},{"id":"T3-R5","score":2,"evidence":"The HEC comparison weighs €22,950–€24,950 tuition and approximately 20 weekly hours against duplication of the user’s existing business education. The selection scorecard includes total cost and displaced venture time, with a veto for programs that rely “primarily on prestige or generic content to justify the price.”","reason":"Cost, workload, and practical incremental value directly determine recommendations. Free or inexpensive learning and experiments lead, while expensive degrees, executive modules, and equity accelerators face explicit ROI conditions."}]}
